Problem Statement 1: 
 	 
In Southeast Asia, food waste is discharged daily from factories, restaurants, supermarkets, etc. 
This waste has potential to be reused as an organic resource providing it can be transformed with the correct technology. 
Collection of the food waste from such areas and categorizing them to what they can be used into is a major task for this problem statement.
It is found that there is discharge of food waste daily from various types of places i.e. restaurants, factories, supermarkets etc.
Most of this food waste are either dumped or destroyed by some means. We want this food waste to be reused in such a manner that it can be helpful for the society.
Food waste reusability can highly boost the economical sector of the country.We are looking for ideas to reuse food waste as a consumable organic resource or ideas 
in Digital management or Effective Use of Waste Material for the Food and Beverage Industry(e.g. Factory, Restaurant, Supermarket, Warehouse, Building and so on) and 
its supply chain. Some issues which could be tackled under this category include, but are not restricted to, the following: Biogas power generation, 
Compost, Transforming food waste into animal feed.

Central 
Problem Statement 2 
245 Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME).	
App-Based solution to identify & solve disease in plants/crops
Software	
RK1129
Agriculture, FoodTech & Rural Development
Desc:- Farmers can upload the photographs of disease affected plants/crops and solutions may be provided by experts/scientists linked to the app.
Solution:- 
Article link :- https://towardsdatascience.com/crop-plant-disease-identification-using-mobile-app-aef821d1a9bc 
GitHub link:- https://github.com/digitalepidemiologylab/plantvillage_deeplearning_paper_analysis.git

Problem Statement 3 
256 Ministry of Ports, Shipping & Waterways 
Detecting Covid-19 (using face recognition) suspects in crowd, at the school/office Building entrance along with their attendance and other alerts.	
Software	
AK1146	
Transportation & Logistics
Desc:-
"• Description: Build a face detection-based solution which can identify the temperature of the people entering a building in groups, where individual body temp. check is not possible using CCTV feeds. 
• Build a face detection-based solution which can identify student/employee and cross check with database repository, using CCTV feeds. The solution should include the following features: 
• Identify student/employee whose faces may be partially visible due to the varying angles at which CCTV cameras are typically placed 
• Handle people of different age, skin colour, gender and facial structure 
• Identify suspects with over 90% accuracy based on photographs of suspects provided as input 
• Throw an alert in real time as soon as ananyone in the crowd has a body temperature beyond the normal temperature, is detected. The video and associated timestamps should also be highlighted. 
• The system should also send alert of the student/employee who have not wear mask, to the Deptt. Head/organisation head, along with the individual, as a caution.
• The attendance of the individual will also be registered through the CCTV feed and the data passed on to the Payroll system, for salary calculation and leave management applications. 
• Search for multiple individuals within multiple CCTV feeds concurrently."


Problem Statement 4 
265 National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), Department of School Education & Literacy (DoSEL).
To maintain and enjoy healthy relationships with others.
Software
KH1155	
Desc:- "1. Developing effective communication skills 
2. Developing interpersonal skills 
3. Developing empathy (perspective taking) 
4. Accepting and respecting others Ways to nurture positive relationships 
 1. Enhancing self-awareness 
 2. Practicing communication 
 3. Building trust 
 4. Health ways of dealing with conflicts Outcome Students will have a better understanding of relationships and will be able to build and maintain healthy and nurturing relationships with people around them.
 Target Group (stage wise) [1.] School level a. Foundational stage b. Preparatory stage c. Middle stage d. Secondary stage [2.] College / University level a. Youth"


Problem Statement 5
277 Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), Ministry of Defence.
Develop Solution/Application to regulate Private health care sector in India from exploiting people during medical emergencies and pandemic situations.
Software 
NR1168
MedTech / BioTech / HealthTech
Desc:- During Covid – 19 crisis, many private hospitals had charged huge and unimaginable amounts from patients and made enormous profits taking advantage of panic conditions.
Notwithstanding of spending huge amounts many families lost their members and in some instances hospitals even demanded clearance of pending bills for handing over bodies to their families.
There was no proper information about availability of beds and details of treatment provided etc.
In order to curb this exploitation by private hospitals, there is a requirement of national information portal 
which can regulate all the private hospitals and provide accurate details of rates and medical facilities available 
in the private hospitals across the country to guide the citizens to get affordable medical emergency services as per their choice and availability.


Problem Statement 6 
302 eCourts, Department of Justice, Ministry of Law & Justice Department of Justice, Ministry of law & Justice.
Software
AK1222dwgsdgadg
DESC:- Several affidavits and affirmations are submitted by the witnesses during the court proceedings. 
It takes long time to validate these affidavits and affirmations. 
A Software/algorithm should be developed that uses technologies like face recognition and other biometric recognition to provide authentication of the affidavits and affirmations. 
This will help in delivery of right justice in a faster manner
